:memo: update deployment examples, add kserve (#226)
vllm-project/vllm-spyre: docs/deploying/rhoai.md

Reviewer: Minor lint fix still left in this file

# Using Red Hat OpenShift AI

> [Red Hat OpenShift AI](https://www.redhat.com/en/products/ai/openshift-ai) is a cloud-native AI platform that bundles together many popular model management projects, including [kserve](https://kserve.github.io/website/latest/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Red Hat OpenShift AI](https://www.redhat.com/en/products/ai/openshift-ai) is a cloud-native AI platform that bundles together many popular model management projects, including [KServe](https://kserve.github.io/website/latest/).
```

This example shows how to use kserve with RHOAI to deploy a model on OpenShift, using a modelcar image to load the model without requiring any connection to huggingface hub.

> ## Deploying with kserve

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deploying with KServe
```

!!! note

>     **Prerequisite**: Ensure that you have a running Kubernetes cluster with RHOAI installed, image pull credentials for `registry.redhat.io/rhelai1`, and Spyre accelerators.

Reviewer 2: This is nicer as a list (if formatting in the note allows 🤔 ):

```suggestion
    **Prerequisites**: 
    - A running Kubernetes cluster with RHOAI installed
    - Image pull credentials for `registry.redhat.io/rhelai1`
    - Spyre accelerators available in the cluster
```

Author: Shoot, doesn't seem to work like that at least

Reviewer 2: <img width="779" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b76f3ad-7351-4dbe-8bc4-8d4cf014bbdc" />

I updated the suggestion, looks like it works with some indenting

```
!!! note

    **Prerequisites**:
      
      - A running Kubernetes cluster with RHOAI installed
      - Image pull credentials for `registry.redhat.io/rhelai1`
      - Spyre accelerators available in the cluster
```

Author: Nice, I also tried updating the title to `Prerequisites` instead of `Note`, wdyt?

<!-- TODO: Link to public docs for cluster setup -->

> 1. Create a ServingRuntime to be used for your models

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a ServingRuntime to serve your models.
```

        metadata:
          name: vllm-spyre-runtime
          annotations:
            openshift.io/display-name: vLLM IBM Spyre ServingRuntime for KServe
            opendatahub.io/recommended-accelerators: '["ibm.com/aiu_pf"]'
          labels:
            opendatahub.io/dashboard: "true"
        spec:
          multiModel: false
          supportedModelFormats:
            - autoSelect: true
              name: vLLM
          containers:
            - name: kserve-container
              image: quay.io/ibm-aiu/vllm-spyre:latest.amd64
              args:
                - /mnt/models
                - --served-model-name={{.Name}}
              env:
                - name: HF_HOME
                  value: /tmp/hf_home
                # Static batching configurations can also be set on each InferenceService
                - name: VLLM_SPYRE_WARMUP_BATCH_SIZES
                  value: '4'
                - name: VLLM_SPYRE_WARMUP_PROMPT_LENS
                  value: '1024'
                - name: VLLM_SPYRE_WARMUP_NEW_TOKENS
                  value: '256'
              ports:
                - containerPort: 8000
                  protocol: TCP
      ```

> 2. Create an InferenceService for each model you want to deploy. This example demonstrates how to deploy `ibm-granite/granite-3.1-8b-instruct`.

Reviewer 2: It might be nice to include a link to Granite here:

```suggestion
2. Create an InferenceService for each model you want to deploy. This example demonstrates how to deploy the [Granite](https://www.ibm.com/granite) model `ibm-granite/granite-3.1-8b-instruct`.
```

          imagePullSecrets:
            - name: oci-registry
          maxReplicas: 1
          minReplicas: 1
          model:
            modelFormat:
              name: vLLM
            name: ''
            resources:
              limits:
                ibm.com/aiu_pf: '1'
              requests:
                ibm.com/aiu_pf: '1'
            runtime: vllm-spyre-runtime
            storageUri: 'oci://registry.redhat.io/rhelai1/modelcar-granite-3-1-8b-instruct:1.5'
            volumeMounts:
              - mountPath: /dev/shm
                name: shm
          schedulerName: aiu-scheduler
          tolerations:
            - effect: NoSchedule
              key: ibm.com/aiu_pf
              operator: Exists
                    spec:
          volumes:
            # This volume may need to be larger for bigger models and running tensor-parallel inference with more cards
            - name: shm
              emptyDir:
                medium: Memory
                sizeLimit: "2Gi"
      ```

3. Deploy and Test

      Apply the manifests using `oc apply -f <filename>`:

      ```console
      oc apply -f servingruntime.yaml
      oc apply -f inferenceservice.yaml

>       ```

Reviewer 2: I think you could just include these `apply` lines in each step above after defining the manifests and then use this step for a  "Perform an inference request" example.

Author: 👍 
I went ahead with the heredoc pattern in each section above (`oc apply -f - <<EOF`) and just linked out to the relevant kserve docs here for how to setup inference with a vllm deployment so we don't have to repeat that info

        name: granite-3-1-8b-instruct
        labels:
          opendatahub.io/dashboard: 'true'
      spec:
        predictor:
          imagePullSecrets:
            - name: oci-registry
          maxReplicas: 1
          minReplicas: 1
          model:
            modelFormat:
              name: vLLM
            name: ''
            resources:
              limits:
                ibm.com/aiu_pf: '1'
              requests:
                ibm.com/aiu_pf: '1'
            runtime: vllm-spyre-runtime
            storageUri: 'oci://registry.redhat.io/rhelai1/modelcar-granite-3-1-8b-instruct:1.5'
            volumeMounts:
              - mountPath: /dev/shm
                name: shm
          schedulerName: aiu-scheduler
          tolerations:
            - effect: NoSchedule
              key: ibm.com/aiu_pf
              operator: Exists
                    spec:
          volumes:
            # This volume may need to be larger for bigger models and running tensor-parallel inference with more cards
            - name: shm
              emptyDir:
                medium: Memory
                sizeLimit: "2Gi"
      EOF
      ```

> 3. Test your InferenceService
> 
>     Refer to the [KServe documentation on model inference with vLLM](https://kserve.github.io/website/latest/modelserving/v1beta1/llm/huggingface/text_generation/#perform-model-inference_1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. To test your InferenceService, refer to the [KServe documentation on model inference with vLLM](https://kserve.github.io/website/latest/modelserving/v1beta1/llm/huggingface/text_generation/#perform-model-inference_1).
```
